Switch accounts/orgs dropdown (#4468)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/switch-account.md

To switch {{< cloud-name "short" >}} accounts:

> 1. In the {{< cloud-name "short" >}} UI, click the account name dropdown in the upper left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the {{< cloud-name "short" >}} UI, click the account name drop-down list in the upper left.
```

2. Select **Switch Account**. If this option doesn't appear, your email address is only associated with one account.
3. Select the account you want to switch to.

To set an account as the default:

1. Click the user avatar in the upper-right and select **Profile**.

> 2. Select a **Default Account** from the dropdown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select a **Default Account** from the drop-down list. 
```
